update the migration docs (#7351)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/ha_platform_support.md

| Centos (64 Bit OS)                       | 7                         |
| Amazon Linux 2 (64 Bit OS)               | 2 (kernel 5.10)           |
| SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP5      | 12                        |

{{< note >}}

> Click [here](/calculator/automate_ha_hardware_calculator.xlsx) to calculate the actual estimate of the configuration using the sample calculator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hardware Calculator](/calculator/automate_ha_hardware_calculator.xlsx) use this to check how much hardware you will need for your use-case.
```
